>> Hey guys.
I want to take a moment here and summarize
what this specialization is all about.
I know it's a long haul here.
I want to quickly go over
what it breaks down into.
First, I want to define
this Internet of Things.
What the heck is it?
You know you've heard this term so
many times.
You've heard so
many different definitions of it.
I want to give my version of it,
and how it applies to this course.
Second, I want to go over how to,
what do you need to build
your own Internet of Things.
Whatever you dream up
in terms of hardware,
skill set, programming requirements, etc.
So I'll go over that in two.
Three, prerequisites right?
What kind of skills do we expect you to
have to be successful in this course.
Programming wise, hardware wise and
also set expectations straight so
you don't go away disappointed,
and we don't disappoint you.
And finally, I want to go over each
of the courses in a nutshell quickly.
We got six courses here.
So I will kind of break each of them down.